# RESUME/CV

General de cs-research.

# COVER LETTER

/**
 *  * CS bachelor + master. PhD CS. Cognition in time. LIAA.
 *  * Original question: affect in music -> expectation -> models of cognition
 *  * Work thus far: beat expectation model, experiment, rhythmic complexity,
      paper in progress, posters at smpc. interaction psych and comp. model
 *  * Future work: bayesian modeling: adaptation and then HBMs. Looking into
      certainty of transformers. Further experimentation and publication.
 */

    Ver carpeta `cover_letter`.

# TELL US ABOUT YOUR RESEARCH INTERESTS AND THE SORTS OF TOPICS YOU WOULD LIKE TO EXPLORE IF YOU WERE TO JOIN DEEPMIND.

/*
Models of cognition. Empathy, model the limits of human cognition so we can
work for its service. Hierarchy and abstractions. HBMs vs. Transformers.  
*/

One of my strongest interests is in modeling human cognition, how we learn from
our environment and how we relate to it. I believe this is an important task in
AI because if we can model how we understand the world we can build software
that can be empathetic with us much like we do with each other. 

My interest began with affect in music: what is the structure in music that
moves us? I cared not only about producing powerful music but using models to
understand how we relate with it and create software that provided useful
insights for composers. Specifically, I was intrigued about how the timing of
the events, the rhythm, could be so exciting. This triggered further questions
about how we understand events in time and how we organize timing in human
communications to convey intentions and make our messages easier to understand.
I believe this applies to domains beyond music, as, for example, timing is not
equal in casual conversation compared to giving a talk. This may apply to other
forms of communication such as the rhythm in films (a documentary vs. a music
video vs. a Tarantino Film).

Furthermore, our understanding of music exhibits our special capabilities to
find structure and create abstractions. While listening to music we detect
groupings, sections and parts, even when they are not repeated exactly the
same. Modeling music cognition could be a testing playground to model how we
integrate knowledge over-time and form abstractions that help us explain the
world better.

With this said, the computer science interests I would love to carry and apply
at DeepMind is in enhancing IA models to capture structure from data in a way
that reflects how we do it. This has driven my interests to Hierarchical
Bayesian Models, Attention and Transformers and Neural Turing Machines.
Moreover, I would aim for models that provide predictable behaviour, by either
having certainty on its predictions or allowing inspection of what it has
learned. Such introspection process is also very distinctive of human
intelligence.

# LINK TO EXTERNAL PROFILE E.G. LINKEDIN, GITHUB ETC.

* Github:
github.com/m2march

* Open Science Foundation:
https://osf.io/s9aym/

* Google Scholar:
https://scholar.google.com.ar/citations?user=nKVQ_gkAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=sra

* Research lab profile:
http://liaa.dc.uba.ar/cognition-in-time-patterns-and-hierarchical-structures/

# IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE YOU'D LIKE TO ADD IN SUPPORT OF YOUR APPLICATION?

/*
No direct application of ML in my PhD, experience from courses, reading and lab
discussions.

PhD on learning to design experiments, deal with data, learn from other
disxiplines (neuro and psych).
*/

I am currently developing my research at the Applied Artificial Intelligence
Lab at Universidad de Buenos Aires. In our lab we apply machine learning
techniques to real-life problems. The lab works interdisciplinary with a
common interest for the entire spectrum of modeling intelligence, from
neuroscience to applied ML. The team is made up of computer scientists,
engineers, biologists, physicists and linguists. This has allowed me to learn
from a variety of disciplines, from technical deep learning to experimental
neuroscience. ML examples include people working on speaker recognition,
turn-taking in dialog and prediction of mental illness from text. Neuroscience
research includes topics such as predictability in text, patterns of
information lookup from eye movement or changes in brain connectivity in kids
after playing games.
