# RESUME/CV

General de cs-research.

# COVER LETTER

    Ver carpeta `../rei_dmg/cover_letter`. 
    Parecido a `research_science_intern` pero con m√°s detalle en lo realizado
    en el modelo.

# LINK TO EXTERNAL PROFILE E.G. LINKEDIN, GITHUB ETC.

* Github:
github.com/m2march

* Open Science Foundation:
https://osf.io/s9aym/

* Google Scholar:
https://scholar.google.com.ar/citations?user=nKVQ_gkAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=sra

* Research lab profile:
http://liaa.dc.uba.ar/cognition-in-time-patterns-and-hierarchical-structures/

* Linkedin:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mart%C3%ADn-miguel-59370110/

# IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE YOU'D LIKE TO ADD IN SUPPORT OF YOUR APPLICATION?

Previous to my PhD, I worked on a project developing a website for hosting
educational games for kids to make scientific interventions in schools. There I
worked with neuroscientists and education practitioners to analyze data and
build the games. The experienced provided me with insight in learning and
designing games for kids. Part of my contributions to this project can be seen
in this paper: (http://sedici.unlp.edu.ar/handle/10915/56844).

I have also been a teacher for over 3 years and I constantly try to improve how
students acquire knowledge. I have a great interest in learning and designing
ways to better provide lessons and tests success in learning.

I am currently developing my research at the Applied Artificial Intelligence
Lab at Universidad de Buenos Aires. In our lab we apply machine learning
techniques to real-life problems. The lab works interdisciplinary with a
common interest for the entire spectrum of modeling intelligence, from
neuroscience to applied ML. The team is made up of computer scientists,
engineers, biologists, physicists and linguists. This has allowed me to learn
from a variety of disciplines, from technical deep learning to experimental
neuroscience. ML examples include people working on speaker recognition,
turn-taking in dialog and prediction of mental illness from text. Neuroscience
research includes topics such as predictability in text, patterns of
information lookup from eye movement or changes in brain connectivity in kids
after playing games.
